Updates3 (#86)
UMAprotocol/docs: docs/getting-started/welcome.md

> slug: /

Reviewer: lol slug

---

> ## UMA is open-source infrastructure for deploying and enforcing synthetic assets on Ethereum

Reviewer: Similar to another comment, I think it looks strange to have a title under a title. IMO I think we should create a standard where all pages start with an untitled paragraph

> UMA enables developers to quickly and easily build synthetic tokens that track the price of anything! 

Reviewer: We now have similar type of content in three separate places on the docs site. Not necessarily a bad thing, but somewhat redundant, so perhaps we should rethink some of this

Synthetic tokens are collateral-backed tokens whose value fluctuates depending on the tokens’ reference index. Synthetic tokens blend features of prediction markets, futures markets, and collateralized loans.

Some examples of synthetic tokens include:

* Synthetic real-world assets (e.g., real estate, gold, water)
* Synthetic cross-chain cryptoassets (e.g., BTC, BCH, ATOM)
* Tracking tokens for various non-tradable indices (e.g., volatility index, gas prices, defi usage, subgraph popularity)

> ## What infrastructure does UMA provide?

Reviewer: I think potentially this section and the above can be combined.

UMA enables developers to create synthetic assets via two core components:

- [Priceless financial contract templates](https://docs.umaproject.org/getting-started/synthetic-tokens)
- [An optimistic oracle service](https://docs.umaproject.org/getting-started/oracle)

Together, these two components enable the creation of fast, efficient, and secure synthetic derivatives on the Ethereum blockchain.

## Understanding UMA

If you would like to learn more about the concepts behind UMA's priceless financial contracts and optimistic oracle, start by reading this [overview](getting-started/overview.md) of the UMA ecosystem.

## For Developers

> If you are a developer interested in building with UMA’s technology, start with this [explainer](synthetic-tokens/explainer.md) of how UMA's priceless synthetic tokens work, and then try out this [tutorial](build-walkthrough/mint-locally) for how to deploy your own token on testnet. You can find additional reference materials, including a list of UMA-supported mainnet and testnet deployments, [here](dev-ref/addresses.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a developer interested in building with UMA’s technology, start with this [explainer](synthetic-tokens/explainer.md) of how UMA's priceless synthetic tokens work, and then follow our [development guide](build-walkthrough/build-process) to learn how to launch your own project on UMA. You can find additional reference materials, including a list of UMA's testnet and mainnet contracts [here](dev-ref/addresses.md).
```

## For UMA Tokenholders

If you are interested in the UMA project token, please read this [section](uma-tokenholders/uma-holders.md) to learn more about the role of the UMA project token in the DVM and the rights and responsibilities of UMA project tokenholders.

## Contact Us

> If you have any questions or want to connect with the UMA community, please join our [Discord](https://discord.umaproject.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions or want to connect with the UMA community, please check out our community [page](community/community-overview) or join our [Discord](https://discord.umaproject.org/).
```
